Fix NameError and overwriting bug in agent loop (#13)
SWE-agent/minimal-agent-tutorial: docs/index.md

    "content": "You are a helpful assistant. When you want to run a command, wrap it in ```bash-action\n<command>\n```. To finish, run the exit command."
}, {
    "role": "user", 

>     "content": "Help me fix the ValueError in main.py"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "content": "List the files in the current directory"
```
